hi folks Canadian prepper here just want
to send a quick shout out to the Swiss
barefoot company they're gonna be
releasing a Kevlar sock pretty soon
which looks very promising as an athlete
and outdoor enthusiast bushcrafter
survivalist prepper whatever you want to
call me I really enjoy things like this
which you're going to increase my
agility in the field and also of course
being a Kevlar design gonna actually
last a long time
so I'm really excited about this product
I look forward to doing a demonstration
when they sent me up here to test out
for you guys and it is a new company so
definitely go check out their
Kickstarter campaign if you feel
inclined you could always contribute to
that but I just want to put you on
notice and bring a general awareness to
the fact that this is product is in
development and it should be available
soon so go check it out just have a
really quick tip for you today if you're
going hiking or backpacking or if you
want to throw this in your bug out bag
or survival kit these liquid flavor
enhancers work incredibly well to boost
morale when you're out in the field now
if you go and you scoop some water out
of a creek or something like that you
know you throw your chlorine tablet in
there or you filter it out and usually
there's gonna be some kind of aftertaste
this really does go a long way in terms
of masking that the way I discovered
this for its use in the field was last
year I was on a hike and I met a woman
along the way who suggested that I use
this stuff and she actually had a bunch
so she gave me one and from that day
forward I was hooked now I know that
sucralose and I don't know if there's
aspartame in this one I don't think
there is I think it's just sucralose
whatever obviously artificial sweeteners
aren't particularly good for you we all
know that but in terms of a survival
situation and the few times a year that
you might actually go out on a
backpacking trip that might warrant this
you know it's a good thing to have in
your kit I think it's just one of those
things that can kind of you know boost
your morale at the end of the day or at
the end of a long hike or even during a
hike for that matter it might just give
you that extra little bit of zip now
there's no calories and it's
you know don't think that you're gonna
get any calories out of it but it is
gonna enhance the flavor of your water
and depending on where you are and where
you're fishing that water out of it
could taste pretty nasty in spite of it
being filtered so something to consider
so I hope this was useful for you today
I definitely check it out I don't
promote any particular brand to these
I'm sure there's a thousand and one
brands nowadays but they're very small
and compact thirty portions in this one
so thirty cups I think so that goes a
long way and it's very lightweight
anyways I hope this has been useful to
you thanks for watching Canadian prep
rope
check out the Canadian Preppers Network
blog an excellent resource for
survivalists and Preppers